[Music]
today we're going to show you how to
unshrink your clothing now for this
you're going to need some white vinegar
a sponge and a measuring cup or just a
cup yeah now you also need a 100% cotton
t-shirt because there's the ones that
shrink the most now this teacher is
probably going to be quite snug and
tight on your body whenever you wear it
and that's why you want to expand it so
go ahead and fill your cup up now you
know half a cup or two cups whatever
doesn't matter you need enough vinegar
here to cover the entire shirt in banana
now while you're doing this make sure
that you cover all of the very important
areas like the collar and the sleeves it
might take a while but it's worth it now
what's going to happen is we're going to
throw this into a heated environment
such as a washing machine and a dryer
and when the acetic acid combines with
the glucose found in the cotton it will
expand the micro fibers found within the
t-shirt so after you're done blotting it
throw it in a ziploc bag for about 30
minutes
set your timer and wait for it when it's
done head on down take it out of the bag
and get your washer ready set it to hot
put it on a low cycle and set it to
normal once it starts going what you
need to do is grab some Turgeon pour it
in there this is going to make sure we
get all the vinegar smell out of the
shirt
take the shirt throw it in the wash it
should be quite hot by now that's very
important
close it and wait for it to finish when
it's done throw it in the dryer set for
about an hour a little bit more on high
and hit start
it's all done the shirt should have
expanded a couple inches in every
direction as you can see here it's quite
larger than it was in the beginning and
that's about it hope you enjoyed it see
you next time
[Music]
[Applause]
you